gh-118974: Add `decorator` argument to `make_dataclass` (#122723)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-08-06-07-24-00.gh-issue-118974.qamsCQ.rst

> Add ``dataclass_factory`` argument to :func:`dataclasses.make_dataclass`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ``dataclass_factory`` parameter to :func:`dataclasses.make_dataclass`
to customize the functional creation of dataclasses.
```
